This is a README file for the pokemon game for COM S 327 at Iowa State.

Assignment01: This is the map generation assignment. To run this, run 'make' in the terminal, and then run './MapGeneration'.
Once this has been done, the output of the map should be displayed. There should be trees, water, short/tall grass, mountains, a pokemart, and a pokecenter
printed to the console. There should also be paths going N-S and E-W, as well as the pmarts and pcenters should be along the path.

Assignment02: This is the world generation assignment. To run this, run 'make' in the terminal, and then run './main'.
Once this has been done, the output of the first map (0,0) will be printed. From here, you can move N, S, E, W, F (fly) and notice the paths
aligning as you move. Also, (0,0) spawns a guarenteed Pokemart and Pokecenter, but outside of that, probability decreases from ~50% to 0%
as you get farther from the center of the world. You also should not be able to move outside of the 401x401 map world limit,
either by flight or by manually moving to the world border.

Assignment03: This is the pathfinding for hikers and rivals assignment. To run this version of the code, run 'make' in the terminal, and then run './main'.
Once this has been done, you will see the output of the hiker and rival maps for the current map (Initially 0,0). As you move from map to map, you should see
the hiker and rival cost maps printed for those maps as well. Not only that, but if you go back to a previous map, you should see the same cost maps as before reprinted.
These cost maps were made using a modified version of Dijkstra's algorithm and a heap data structure in Professor Sheaffer's code from 1.01. They will be used later on
for finding the shortest path to the player character. Enjoy cost-mapping! 

Assignment04: This is the implementing all characters moving assignment. To run this version of the code, run 'make' in the terminal, and then run './main'
(I have been running into an error that I think is on pyrite where my code doesn't compile completely right due to file permissions. If this happens when you are testing,
I kindly ask that you give it a couple tries after disconnecting from pyrite. I am fairly confident that it should work, but I get this error on my local and there's around
a 50 percent chance that my code compiles correctly and I can test it. It has been very annoying.) Once the code compiles and has been run, You should see all npcs move as described
in the assignment doc. Rivals and Hikers take their respective paths to the @. Pacers will go back and forth in once direction. Wanderers and Explorers will move straight
until they can't and pick a random direction, and Sentries will stand still. It moves at an update rate of 4 frames per second, this can be adjusted towards the bottom of
the uncommented code (line 447 ish in main) if you wish to make it faster. Happy NPC-ing!
Error I am getting for reference:
bash-5.2$ make
gcc -Wall -Werror -g MapGeneration.c -c
gcc -Wall -Werror -g main.c -c
gcc -Wall -Werror -g heap.c -c
gcc MapGeneration.o main.o heap.o -o main
/usr/bin/ld: cannot open output file main: No such file or directory
collect2: error: ld returned 1 exit status
make: *** [Makefile:2: main] Error 1$

Assignment05: This is the ncurses assignment. To run this version of the code, run 'make' in the terminal, and then run './main'. Once the code compiles and has been run,
you should see the colorful terrain of the current map. You can move around the map using the commands in the assignment 5 spec. This will allow you to
freely move around the map, while the npcs will try to hunt you down and pathfind to you. Once you try to move over an npc, you will be notified that
a battle has started. If you use the '>' command while on a building, you will see a message that you have entered that building.
